<ui:composition
        xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
        xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets"
        xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
        template="/WEB-INF/layout.xhtml">
   <ui:define name="title">Privacy</ui:define>

   <ui:define name="content">
      <p:outputPanel>
          <h1>Privacy Policy</h1>
          <p>
              Traqqr is a personal pet project of <a href="https://maarten.mulders.it/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Maarten Mulders</a>, "I" or "me".
              This privacy policy explains how I use the personal data I collect from you when you use this website.
              It is based on a <a href="https://gdpr.eu/privacy-notice/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">template</a> provided by Proton Technologies AG.
          </p>
          <h2>What data do I collect?</h2>
          <p>
              I collect the following <strong>personal identification information</strong>:
          </p>

          <dl>
              <dt>Google user identifier</dt>
              <dd>
                  A alphanumerical value that identifies you, unique among all Google accounts and never reused.
                  Your Google account can have multiple email addresses at different points in time, but this value never changes.
                  This allows Traqqr to recognise you every time you log in.
              </dd>

              <dt>Given Name, Family Name, Display Name</dt>
              <dd>
                  The name you have supplied to Google.
                  This allows Traqqr to give you a personalised experience.
              </dd>

              <dt>Picture URL</dt>
              <dd>
                  A reference to your Google profile picture.
                  This allows Traqqr to give you a personalised experience.
              </dd>
          </dl>

          <h2>How do I collect your data?</h2>
          <p>
              I collect your data as soon as you choose to authenticate yourself to this system using your Google account.
              If you choose not to do so, I am not collecting any of the aforementioned data.
          </p>

          <h2>How will I use your data?</h2>
          <p>
              I collect the aforementioned data for authenticating yourself, so I can ensure your data is only visible to you.
              I also use it to give the site a peronalised look &amp; feel.
          </p>

          <h2>How do I store your data?</h2>
          <p>
              I securely store your data in a database that is hosted in the Azure Cloud, located in Amsterdam, the Netherlands.
              The information that I store is listed above, including the reason why it is stored.

<!--              I will keep that data for [enter time period].-->
<!--              Once this time period has expired, I will delete your data by [enter how you delete users’ data].-->
          </p>

          <h2>What are your data protection rights?</h2>
          <p>
              I would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights.
              You are entitled to the following:
          </p>

          <dl>
              <dt>The right to access</dt>
              <dd>
                  You have the right to request me for copies of your personal data.
                  I may charge you a small fee for this service.
              </dd>

              <dt>The right to rectification</dt>
              <dd >
                  You have the right to request that I correct any information you believe is inaccurate.
                  You also have the right to request me to complete the information you believe is incomplete.
              </dd>

              <dt>The right to erasure</dt>
              <dd>
                  You have the right to request that I erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
              </dd>

              <dt>The right to restrict processing</dt>
              <dd>
                  You have the right to request that I restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
              </dd>

              <dt>The right to object to processing</dt>
              <dd>
                  You have the right to object to my processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
              </dd>

              <dt>The right to data portability</dt>
              <dd>
                  You have the right to request that I transfer the data that I have collected to another organisation, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
              </dd>
          </dl>

          <p>
              If you make a request, I have one month to respond to you.
              If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact me.
              See under "How to contact me" for ways to get in touch.
          </p>

          <h2>Cookies</h2>
          <p>
              Cookies are small text files placed on your computer that your browser shares with the website that put them there.
              When you visit this website, I may collect information from you automatically through cookies or similar technology.

              For further information, visit <a href="https://www.allaboutcookies.org/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">allaboutcookies.org</a>.
          </p>

          <h3>How do I use cookies?</h3>
          <p>
              I use cookies in a range of ways to improve your experience on this website, including:
          </p>

          <ul>
              <li>Keeping you signed in</li>
              <li>Understanding how you use this website</li>
          </ul>

          <h3>What types of cookies do I use?</h3>
          <p>
              There are a number of different types of cookies this website uses:
          </p>

          <dl>
              <dt>Functionality</dt>
              <dd>
                  I use these cookies so that I recognise you on this website and remember your previously selected preferences.
                  These could include what language you prefer.
              </dd>
          </dl>

          <h3>How to manage cookies</h3>
          <p>
              You can set your browser not to accept cookies, and the above website tells you how to remove cookies from your browser.
              However, some website features may not function as a result.
          </p>

          <h2>Privacy policies of other websites</h2>
          <p>
              Traqqr contains links to other websites.
              This privacy policy applies only to Traqqr itself, so if you click on a link to another website, you should read their privacy policy.
          </p>

          <h2>Changes to this privacy policy</h2>
          <p>
              I keep my privacy policy under regular review and place any updates on this web page.
              This privacy policy was last updated on June 15, 2024.
          </p>

          <h2>How to contact me</h2>
          <p>
              If you have any questions about my privacy policy, the data I hold on you, or you would like to exercise one of your data protection rights, please do not hesitate to contact me.

              You can reach me over the following channels:
          </p>

          <ul>
              <li><a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/mthmulders" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">LinkedIn</a></li>
              <li><a href="https://twitter.com/mthmulders" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Twitter</a></li>
              <li><a href="https://github.com/mthmulders" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">GitHub</a></li>
              <li><a href="https://keybase.io/mthm" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Keybase</a></li>
          </ul>
      </p:outputPanel>
   </ui:define>
</ui:composition>
